Third-party cookies and IA (#154)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/platform-limits.md

---
title: 'Platform limits with Office Scripts'
description: 'Resource limits and browser support for Office Scripts when used with Excel on the web'
ms.date: 07/23/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

> # Platform limits with Office Scripts

Reviewer: (Not critical) Should we call it limits and requirements? The cookie thing is more of a requirement...

Author: I'm good with that. I'll add that to the title, but leave the TOC as the shortened version

There are some platform limitations of which you be aware when developing Office Scripts. This article details browser support and data limits.

## Browser support

> Office Scripts work in any browser that [supports Office for the web](https://support.microsoft.com/office/ad1303e0-a318-47aa-b409-d3a5eb44e452). However, some JavaScript features aren't supported in Internet Explorer 11 (IE 11). Any features introduced in [ES6 or later](https://www.w3schools.com/Js/js_es6.asp) won't work with IE 11. If people in your organization still use that browser, be sure to test your scripts in that environment when sharing them.

Reviewer: In practice, this may not be true - given we transpile it down. Anyway, it may be good to keep it.

### Third-party cookies

> Your browser needs third-party cookies enabled to show the **Automate** tab in Excel on the web. Check your browser settings if the tab isn't being displayed. If you're using a private browser session, you may need to re-enable this setting each time.

Reviewer: Should we add image? I know images can go stale... 
In the private mode, user should allow "all cookies" (for Chrome). Edge may use its own terminology..

Author: I'm hesitant to add an image because we'd need to address several browsers. Considering this doesn't seem common, I'm hoping people can be successful using search for their browser. If you hear of any problems on Stack or other sources, please let me know and we can enhance this section.

## Data limits

There are limits on how much Excel data can be transferred at once and how many individual Power Automate transactions can be conducted.

### Excel

Excel for the web has the following limitations when making calls to the workbook through a script:

- Requests and responses are limited to **5MB**.
- A range is limited to **five million cells**.

If you're encountering errors when dealing with large datasets, try using multiple smaller ranges instead of larger ranges. You can also APIs like [Range.getSpecialCells](/javascript/api/office-scripts/excelscript/excelscript.range#getspecialcells-celltype--cellvaluetype-) to target specific cells instead of large ranges.

### Power Automate

When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, you're limited to **200 calls per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.

The Power Automate platform also other usage limitation, which can be found in the article [Limits and configuration in Power Automate](/power-automate/limits-and-config).

> 

Reviewer: I'd like to add API limitations section such as "array sort not supported, don't use callbacks, don't use setTimeout, etc." 
Can I create a new page for that that could be linked from here? 
We don't need to hold this PR for that....

Author: That's a great idea. I'd love that list.

Your browser needs third-party cookies enabled to show the **Automate** tab in Excel on the web. Check your browser settings if the tab isn't being displayed. If you're using a private browser session, you may need to re-enable this setting each time.

> [!NOTE]
> Some browsers refer to this setting as "all cookies", instead of "third-party cookies".

## Data limits

There are limits on how much Excel data can be transferred at once and how many individual Power Automate transactions can be conducted.

### Excel

Excel for the web has the following limitations when making calls to the workbook through a script:

- Requests and responses are limited to **5MB**.
- A range is limited to **five million cells**.

If you're encountering errors when dealing with large datasets, try using multiple smaller ranges instead of larger ranges. You can also APIs like [Range.getSpecialCells](/javascript/api/office-scripts/excelscript/excelscript.range#getspecialcells-celltype--cellvaluetype-) to target specific cells instead of large ranges.

### Power Automate

When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, you're limited to **200 calls per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.

> The Power Automate platform also other usage limitation, which can be found in the article [Limits and configuration in Power Automate](/power-automate/limits-and-config).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Power Automate platform also has usage limitations, which can be found in the article [Limits and configuration in Power Automate](/power-automate/limits-and-config).
```
